Sticking with the theme of research and statistics, infographics are a great way to make complex data
and information easy to digest.
You can create an info graphic using data from your own research, which is a great way to complement
the article.
Or again, you can just collect relevant data from other sources and visualize it.
If you have design skills, you can create infographics in-house and that shouldn't be a problem.
But you can also outsource that part of the process and it can be well worth the investment to do so.
You compile the data, hire a third party designer on a freelance site and then publish and promote
it.
The great thing about infographics is that they're ridiculously shareable, especially if you take steps
to make sure they get shared.
So the first thing I'd recommend doing is offering an embed code right there with the info graphic on
your site, just a few lines of HTML that people can use to share the info graphic along with and this
is the key, a link back to your site.
You can also take a PR approach to promoting infographics, reach out to bloggers and journalists in
your industry, show them the info graphic and offer to let them republish it for their audience.
It's a great way to generate some buzz while also providing value to these other people who are looking
for valuable content to share.
So, again, an info graphic is a great way to present complex data for visual learners, and it's incredibly
shareable.
So it may be worth working into your content strategy.